week_5/README.md, before:

# Week 5: Ruby Classes

This week you will be working on creating ruby classes and translating RSpec into driver code. Please make sure to follow each step we ask you to do (write driver test code, pseudocode, initial solution, refactoring, reflection, and review). 



## Challenges
1. [Die Class 1: Numeric](1_die)
2. [Die Class 2: Arbitrary Symbols](2_die)
3. [Build a Simple Guessing Game SOLO CHALLENGE](3_guessing_game_solo_challenge)
4. [A Nested Array to Model a Boggle Board](4_boggle_board)
5. [Virus Predictor Group Challenge](5_virus_predictor)
6. [Validate Credit Card](6_validate_credit_card)
7. [Technical Blog](7_technical_blog.md)
8. [Cultural Blog](8_cultural_blog.md)
9. [GPS 2.1- Don't look until your GPS Session!](9_gps2.1)
10. [BONUS: Reverse Polish Notation Calculator](10_BONUS_rpn)


## Submitting your work
You should fork the unit 2 repo into your GitHub Account by clicking the "fork" button on the top right of this page. You will be responsible for syncing changes from the unit 2 master repo by following the steps [here](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11394349/upstream-pulls-with-the-github-desktop-client). Make sure you follow them step by step. 

Just to make sure we keep things fun, we are going to have you work with `week_5` differently. Most of the challenges have multiple files, so you can find each file in a folder (directory). You will modify the `my_solutions.rb` file in each directory to add your code. 

When you make updates to the files, you should commit your work the same way you did for your website through the app. Include a commit message that describes what you've changed. For example: "added my solution for 2_die"

You need to submit your work through [this google form]() by Sunday at 11:59pm. Expect to submit the links from your repo for each challenge above. 


## Resources
*These are for reference if you want some additional sources.* 
- [Writing our own Class in Ruby](http://rubylearning.com/satishtalim/writing_our_own_class_in_ruby.html)
- [Ruby Classes and Objects](http://www.tutorialspoint.com/ruby/ruby_classes.htm)
- [Introduction to Refactoring](http://sourcemaking.com/refactoring/introduction-to-refactoring)   
- [Ruby for Newbies](http://net.tutsplus.com/sessions/ruby-for-newbies)  
- [Ruby Variable Scope](http://www.techotopia.com/index.php/Ruby_Variable_Scope) 
- [GangesLearning (Videos)](https://www.youtube.com/user/GangesLearning)
- [The Well-Grounded Rubyist (Book)](http://www.manning.com/black2/) - This is a really great Ruby reference. We recommend getting it.

Commit message:

renamed files to account for new boggle board challenge

week_5/README.md, after:

# Week 5: Ruby Classes

This week you will be working on creating ruby classes and translating RSpec into driver code. Please make sure to follow each step we ask you to do (write driver test code, pseudocode, initial solution, refactoring, reflection, and review). This week gets into more advanced concepts, so make sure you pair as often as you need to ensure you are able to learn efficiently and have fun doing it! You can pair on any challenge (except for solo challenges) and you have an awesome community of programmers to pair with. You can always ask people to pair on the community and work with people from other locations! 


## Challenges
1. [Die Class 1: Numeric](1_die)
2. [Die Class 2: Arbitrary Symbols](2_die)
3. [Build a Simple Guessing Game SOLO CHALLENGE](3_guessing_game_solo_challenge)
4. [A Nested Array to Model a Boggle Board](4_boggle_board)
5. [Virus Predictor Group Challenge](5_virus_predictor)
6. [Validate Credit Card](6_validate_credit_card)
7. [Technical Blog](7_technical_blog.md)
8. [Cultural Blog](8_cultural_blog.md)
9. [GPS 2.1- Don't look until your GPS Session!](9_gps2.1)
10. [BONUS: Reverse Polish Notation Calculator](10_BONUS_rpn)


## Submitting your work
You should fork the unit 2 repo into your GitHub Account by clicking the "fork" button on the top right of this page. You will be responsible for syncing changes from the unit 2 master repo by following the steps [here](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11394349/upstream-pulls-with-the-github-desktop-client). Make sure you follow them step by step. 

Just to make sure we keep things fun, we are going to have you work with `week_5` differently. Most of the challenges have multiple files, so you can find each file in a folder (directory). You will modify the `my_solutions.rb` file in each directory to add your code. 

When you make updates to the files, you should commit your work the same way you did for your website through the app. Include a commit message that describes what you've changed. For example: "added my solution for 2_die"

You need to submit your work through [this google form]() by Sunday at 11:59pm. Expect to submit the links from your repo for each challenge above. 


## Resources
*These are for reference if you want some additional sources.* 
- [Writing our own Class in Ruby](http://rubylearning.com/satishtalim/writing_our_own_class_in_ruby.html)
- [Ruby Classes and Objects](http://www.tutorialspoint.com/ruby/ruby_classes.htm)
- [Introduction to Refactoring](http://sourcemaking.com/refactoring/introduction-to-refactoring)   
- [Ruby for Newbies](http://net.tutsplus.com/sessions/ruby-for-newbies)  
- [Ruby Variable Scope](http://www.techotopia.com/index.php/Ruby_Variable_Scope) 
- [GangesLearning (Videos)](https://www.youtube.com/user/GangesLearning)
- [The Well-Grounded Rubyist (Book)](http://www.manning.com/black2/) - This is a really great Ruby reference. We recommend getting it.
