week_6/README.md, before:

# Week 6: Object Oriented Design in Ruby

Week Description


## Stay on Track with Unit Goals!
- Pair at least once this week with a member of your accountability group.  *You need to pair 4 times on your own this unit*
- Give feedback for each person you paired with. *You need to submit at least 5 pieces of feedback in this unit*
- Rate at least 7 pieces of [Meta Feedback](https://socrates.devbootcamp.com/feedback) on Socrates. *You need to rate 20 pieces of feedback per unit*


## Challenges

1. [Testing with Assert Statements](1_assert_statements)
2. [Drawer Debugger](2_drawer_debugger)
3. [Creating a BoggleBoard Class](3_BoggleBoard)
4. [Creating a PezDispenser Class](4_PezDispenser)
5. [Create a Playlist from Driver Code - SOLO CHALLENGE](5_Playlist_solo_challenge)
6. [Refactoring for Code Readability](6_refactoring)
7. [Technical Blog](7_technical_blog.md) 
8. [Cultural Blog](8_technical_blog.md)
9. [BONUS Creating a Car Class from User Stories](9_BONUS_CarClass)


## Submitting your work
Sync changes from the master repo by following the steps [here](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11394349/upstream-pulls-with-the-github-desktop-client). Make sure you follow them step by step. If you experience problems, please attend office hours. It's difficult to diagnose problems relating to git and github via email. 

- If you are doing this from the Github Desktop App, follow [these](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11394349/upstream-pulls-with-the-github-desktop-client
)
directions. 
- If you are doing it from the command line, follow [these](https://help.github.com/articles/syncing-a-fork) directions.

Make sure to include specific commit messages and sync your changes each time you complete a challenge.

You need to submit your work through [this google form]() by Sunday at 11:59pm. Expect to submit the links from your repo for each challenge above. 


## Resources
*These are for reference if you want some additional sources.* 
- [Practical Object-Oriented Design in Ruby (POODR - book)](http://www.poodr.com/) *HINT: work through one of your challenges as you read*
- [Writing our own Class in Ruby](http://rubylearning.com/satishtalim/writing_our_own_class_in_ruby.html)
- [Ruby Classes and Objects](http://www.tutorialspoint.com/ruby/ruby_classes.htm)
- [Introduction to Refactoring](http://sourcemaking.com/refactoring/introduction-to-refactoring)   
- [Ruby for Newbies](http://net.tutsplus.com/sessions/ruby-for-newbies)  
- [Ruby Variable Scope](http://www.techotopia.com/index.php/Ruby_Variable_Scope) 
- [GangesLearning (Videos)](https://www.youtube.com/user/GangesLearning)
- [The Well-Grounded Rubyist (Book)](http://www.manning.com/black2/) - This is a really great Ruby reference. We recommend getting it.

Commit message:

added instruction for using Sublime

week_6/README.md, after:

# Week 6: Object Oriented Design in Ruby

Week Description


## Stay on Track with Unit Goals!
- Pair at least once this week with a member of your accountability group.  *You need to pair 4 times on your own this unit*
- Give feedback for each person you paired with. *You need to submit at least 5 pieces of feedback in this unit*
- Rate at least 7 pieces of [Meta Feedback](https://socrates.devbootcamp.com/feedback) on Socrates. *You need to rate 20 pieces of feedback per unit*


## Challenges

1. [Testing with Assert Statements](1_assert_statements)
2. [Drawer Debugger](2_drawer_debugger)
3. [Creating a BoggleBoard Class](3_BoggleBoard)
4. [Creating a PezDispenser Class](4_PezDispenser)
5. [Create a Playlist from Driver Code - SOLO CHALLENGE](5_Playlist_solo_challenge)
6. [Refactoring for Code Readability](6_refactoring)
7. [Technical Blog](7_technical_blog.md) 
8. [Cultural Blog](8_technical_blog.md)
9. [BONUS Creating a Car Class from User Stories](9_BONUS_CarClass)


## Submitting your work
Sync changes from the master repo by following the steps [here](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11394349/upstream-pulls-with-the-github-desktop-client). Make sure you follow them step by step. If you experience problems, please attend office hours. It's difficult to diagnose problems relating to git and github via email. 

- If you are doing this from the Github Desktop App, follow [these](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11394349/upstream-pulls-with-the-github-desktop-client
)
directions. 
- If you are doing it from the command line, follow [these](https://help.github.com/articles/syncing-a-fork) directions.

Open your local version of the directory in Sublime. Make your changes and commit/sync as you complete challenges.

Make sure to include specific commit messages and sync your changes each time you complete a challenge.

You need to submit your work through [this google form]() by Sunday at 11:59pm. Expect to submit the links from your repo for each challenge above. 


## Resources
*These are for reference if you want some additional sources.* 
- [Practical Object-Oriented Design in Ruby (POODR - book)](http://www.poodr.com/) *HINT: work through one of your challenges as you read*
- [Writing our own Class in Ruby](http://rubylearning.com/satishtalim/writing_our_own_class_in_ruby.html)
- [Ruby Classes and Objects](http://www.tutorialspoint.com/ruby/ruby_classes.htm)
- [Introduction to Refactoring](http://sourcemaking.com/refactoring/introduction-to-refactoring)   
- [Ruby for Newbies](http://net.tutsplus.com/sessions/ruby-for-newbies)  
- [Ruby Variable Scope](http://www.techotopia.com/index.php/Ruby_Variable_Scope) 
- [GangesLearning (Videos)](https://www.youtube.com/user/GangesLearning)
- [The Well-Grounded Rubyist (Book)](http://www.manning.com/black2/) - This is a really great Ruby reference. We recommend getting it.
